fix(docs): Update docs for scheduler (#6013)
SeldonIO/seldon-core: docs-gb/architecture/README.md

# Architecture

Seldon Core 2 architecture is based on microservices - a set of components, each with limited and well-defined responsibility working together to orchestrate scalable and fault tolerant ML serving features. They communicate internally using gRPC and they can be scaled independently depending on the use case.

These components can be split into two categories: **control** and **data** plane services.

## Control Plane

> Control plane services provide features to the users such as the ability to instantiate a new inference server, load models, update a model to a new version, configure model experiments and pipelines, expose endpoints that may receive inference requests, etc. The main component is **Scheduler** that is responsible of managing loading and unloading of resources (models, pipelines, experiments) onto the respective components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control plane services provide features to the users such as the ability to instantiate a new inference server, load models, update a model to a new version, configure model experiments and pipelines, expose endpoints that may receive inference requests, etc. The main component is the **Scheduler**, which is responsible for managing the loading and unloading of objects such as models, pipelines or experiments in a way that makes efficient use of the underlying resources. As part of this process, the scheduler will coordinate the creation, deletion or update of data-plane routes for those objects.
```
